Initial Signals Docs (#1197)
snowplow/documentation: docs/signals/index.md

---
title: "Snowplow Signals"
sidebar_position: 8
description: "An overview of Signals concepts."
sidebar_label: "Signals"
---

> Snowplow Signals empowers users to build more intelligent AI applications that can perceive and act on customer behavior in real-time. By aggregating engineer-defined attributes and facts, Signals enables Large Language Models (LLMs) to act intelligently and deliver personalized experiences.

Reviewer: What does "engineer-defined" mean?  Perhaps "user-defined" vs pulling in an engineer...

With real-time visibility into customer actions and seamless access to their complete history, Snowplow Signals simplifies the personalization of agentic applications, helping you build AI-driven solutions that understand and respond to your users.

> Built on top of Snowplow's behavioural data collection capabilities, integrating with Signals becomes straightforward once you grasp a few key concepts.

Reviewer: behavioral, not behavioural

Reviewer: do a search/replace

Author: Thanks - I'll rebase on the latest branch where we have a linter for US English spellings!

### **Attributes**

> The foundation of Signals is the `Attribute`. An attribute represents a specific fact about a user's behaviour. For example:

Reviewer: behavior

---
title: "Snowplow Signals"
sidebar_position: 8
description: "An overview of Signals concepts."
sidebar_label: "Signals"
---

> Snowplow Signals is a personalization engine built on Snowplow’s behavioral data pipeline. The Profile API, hosted in your BDP cloud allows you to create, manage and access user attributes by using the Signals SDKs.

Reviewer 2: what SDKs? how many are there? link to github repos

> Snowplow Signals is a personalization engine built on Snowplow’s behavioral data pipeline. The Profile API, hosted in your BDP cloud allows you to create, manage and access user attributes by using the Signals SDKs.

Reviewer 2: should be named Profiles Store to match the official announcement

```suggestion
Snowplow Signals is a personalization engine built on Snowplow’s behavioral data pipeline. The Profiles Store API, hosted in your BDP cloud allows you to create, manage and access user attributes by using the Signals SDKs.
```

> ![](./images/signals.png)

Reviewer 2: move this diagram into the new Signals components subheading below, replace it with the fancy official one that matches the docs homepage architecture diagram

> Signals allows users to enhance their applications by aggregating user attributes and providing near real-time visibility into customer behavior. With seamless access to user history, it simplifies creating personalized, intelligent experiences.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Signals allows users to enhance their applications by aggregating user attributes and providing near real-time visibility into customer behavior. Use the aggregated attributes to power in-product personalization and recommendations engines, adaptive UIs, and agentic applications like AI copilots and chatbots.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: add a short paragraph or section here about how to use Signals

> ### Sources

Reviewer 2: this section refers to views, should go below View section

> ### Sources

Reviewer 2: actually put these bits under a subheading

## Signals components
The core components are Attributes, Sources, Views, and Services.
[diagram like this - is this right?]

![signals_components](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b9cc2333-54fa-40d9-8abc-ae3c2a97157d)
